Eurasia
Silk_Road	Silk Road was a network of trade routes between China and the Mediterranean. It spanned the modern countries of Syria, Iran, Pakistan and India.

Europe
Frankish Empire
	Antsanvia (from the Latin antiana via, old road) was a trade road that ran from Mainz to Thuringia. Due to wide visibility from the Rhön mountains, places along the road became sites for hilltop castles in the Middle Ages. An example is Hauneck Castle (Burg Hauneck) on the Stoppelsberg, the ruins of which are still visible. It served to oversee and protect traffic on Antsanvia and protect the villages in the Haune Valley.
	Elisabethenstraße ran from the district of Mainz-Kastel through Hofheim am Taunus to Oppidum Nida and into Wetterau.
Old_Salt_Route	Old Salt Route or Alte Salzstraße (Hanseatic League) was a salt trade route from Lüneburg to Lübeck.
	Rennsteig	Rennsteig was a connecting road between small independent states in Thuringia.  As of 2013, it is a hiking trail. The route crosses the Thuringia Forest and the slate mountains of Thuringia and Frankenwald, stretching from Hörschel at the river Werra (near Eisenach) to Blankenstein at the river Saale. It is part of the European long-distance paths network.
Via_Regia	Via Regia (King's road) ran from Frankfurt am Main to Görlitz in south-west Poland.
	Via Tolosana is the last Pilgrim route on the Way of St James to Santiago de Compostela.
German_Wine_Route	German Wine Route was established in 1935 and is the oldest of Germany's tourist wine routes. It is located in the Palatinate region of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
	Birkenhainer Landstraße was a Wine trade road.  It ran between Bergische Eisenstraße, Deitweg, Eselsweg, Way of St. James and Schwabenweg.

Germans and Celts
Amber_Road	Amber Road (Bernsteinstraße) was an amber trade route from Lithuania to northern Italy.
	Hellweg	Hellweg was an ancient route through Germany. It ran from the Rhine in the east to the mountains of the Teutoburger Wald in the west, and Duisburg (the confluence of the Rhine and Ruhr rivers) to Paderborn.  The Sauerland was to its south.
	Ortesweg was a renowned path from Marburg to Bamberg.

Denmark
Hærvejen	Hærvejen (Danish, meaning 'the army road') ran from Viborg, Denmark through Flensburg (in the present northern German state of Schleswig-Holstein) to Hamburg.

Greece
	Via Pythia (or Pythian road) was the route to Delphi.  It was revered throughout the Ancient Greek world as the site of the Omphalos stone (the centre of the earth and universe).

Roman Empire
	Appian_Way	Appian Way (of the Roman Empire) was a service road from Rome to south-east Italy.
	Watling_Street	Watling Street, originating in Roman Britain, was an Imperial service road from Dover through London to Wroxeter.

South Asia
	Khyber_Pass	Khyber Pass was an all-season mountain pass connecting Afghanistan to western Pakistan.
	Grand_Trunk_Road	Grand Trunk Road in South Asia was the main road from modern day Bangladesh to northern Pakistan and Afghanistan. A route since antiquity, it was constructed into a coherent highway by the Maurya Empire in 300BC. Soon after, the Greek diplomat Megasthenes wrote of his travels along the road to reach Hindu kingdoms in the 3rd century BC. After invading India over 1,500 years later, Mughals extended the Grand Trunk Road westwards from Lahore to Kabul (the capital of Afghanistan) crossing the Khyber Pass. The road was later improved and extended from Calcutta to Peshawar by the British rulers of colonial India. Over the centuries, the road has acted as a major trade route and facilitated travel and postal communication. The Grand Trunk Road remains under use for transportation in modern India.

Middle East
	Royal_Road	Royal Road (in the Persian Empire) was a service road from Turkey to Iran. The Aleppo to Baghdad Road (from the Middle East to the Ottoman Empire) was the main road from Syria to Iraq.

South America
	Inca_road_system Camino Real in Peru (part of the Inca road system) was a road that crossed the Andes to connect parts of the Inca Empire.

North America
	Old_Natchez_Trace	Old Natchez Trace was a trade route in the south-east United States.  It pre-dated the arrival of Europeans to the Americas.

United States
	Oregon_Trail	Oregon Trail was a vital 19th century pioneer route from Illinois to Oregon. The Santa Fe Trail was a major commercial and military artery from Missouri to Santa Fe, New Mexico.
	Lincoln_Highway	Lincoln Highway (dedicated 1913) was the first road for the automobile across the United States of America, spanning 3389 miles coast-to-coast from New York City to San Francisco. 
	Route 66 was a 1930s route from Chicago to Los Angeles. 
	Blue Ridge Parkway (constructed 1935–1987) is a National Parkway in North Carolina and Virginia.

Canada
	Carlton_Trail	Carlton Trail was a fur trade route from south-west Manitoba to Fort Edmonton in Alberta. The Trans-Canada Highway (completed in 1971) is a highway running the full width of the southern Canada–US border. The Yellowhead Highway is an east – west route connecting British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba in western Canada.

